Not we understood what the development server does.
Let's have a look at a web.
Because there seems to be important.
As I explained it's the bridge between us writing nice code over multiple files and using nice features
and still getting code which runs on all browsers.
Welbeck is a great tool but it offers enough content for a course entirely focusing on webpage.
So I will only briefly walk you through what it does here.
The web that conflict yes file which reopened here is the core part of your web page workflow because
dessous where you configure how your workflow works basically wetback.
The webpage configuration has four important pieces to of it being very important to two very important
ones our entry and output you have to think about web page like this.
It always starts at one or multiple files but you specify here as an entry point.
Typically only one filed though and then it will analyze this file.
So here we tell it to start in the source maned or chase file and with analyze I mean it looks at the
file and it analyzes.
Which ever files this file imports.
So did WePay knows which files this fall depends on so that we can write multi-file modular code and
split our code over multiple files where Pech will analyze which files we use.
So here it would see we use two packages view in view router and we use four of our old files and we
specify where these files can be found here with relative paths.
Now where pigsties dead end will then chomp into these files.
Both the packages like to view and view router package and our own files and if it for example chump's
into the user view file it will also see that here we import yet another file so it will have a look
at this fault too.
And this way it works its way through all our dependencies and builds like a tree like structure starting
at one root and then with multiple branches to include all the files we in the end use.
Now that that's the entry point.
We don't need to define it.
Once you have analyzed all the files you should bundle them and we tell it.
Where should you place the spandrel the bundling process happens automatically so we don't need to tell
it that but we need to tell it where does should be stored and how it is named.
We do that here.
We specify the Poth and this has to be an absolute Poth which is why we use this node as helper Poth
resolve which will just build an absolute Poth surname as a variable referring to the current directory.
So this basically creates a path which points to this dist folder public partier is required to tell
where Peg where should the assets be loaded from.
Seen from the index age HTML file on and since the index age timeout finds it's an hour root directory
and not within the disk folder.
Does a slash dist and not just slash.
If DNS HDMI file would be placed in this folder it would just be slash.
And finally how should you name this file.
Let's rename this to bundled J.S. and run any ever build again.
What you will see is that.
Now when this finishes in the disk folder we can delete the old bullet of Cheras fall.
We now got this bundled js file and the source map.
So Design is how we define how the created file should be named.
Of course it would have to adjust it in our index HDMI file too.
Let's refer to bundled dog chase here too so that it works again.
These are the two most important parts.
Import excuse me entry and output.
Let's next to have a look at the average two parts.